give me a gun bitch I want that one
you've got
give me again hey you listen to me bitch
I'm gonna pay you off you're gonna be my
Inside Man where do I get guns fuck
bitch I need to fucking get again oh is
that right
you might inside man hum dog right day
that's why I stay here hey what's up
dude I need anything I can afford I got
it I got $11,000 what can I have I'll
sell you an AZ for 5,000 okay how do I
give you the money I don't know I don't
know okay can you give me the gun
all right let's do it yeah can you give
me the gun now no no you got to give me
the money first I don't know how to give
it you need I'm new
[Applause]
meet me outside around back me me
outside Mystica wizard would do any you
guys know how to take out money they
send money to me assholes the customer
is always right okay the customer's
always right my product
I want my fucking product I'll be back
bitch hey I ain't finished with you dude
out what my seat
say Oh
[Music]
the customer's always right
it's coming oh yeah
why do you think you were gonna escape
this one small fight at least they're
fair about it I mean you got to give him
that